# Pandas_HW
Observations from Heroes of Pymoli:

1)	Though males are the majority of the total, and constitute for the most purchases, females roughly spend $0.18 more than males per average, while other/non-disclosed genders spend approximately $0.33 more per average than males. Males total purchase values were $1,968, however, if the company could focus their content towards females and others, they could increase their revenues, total purchases made etc. For example: assuming that the company saw a 10% increase from their purchase count in females, the purchase count would be rounded to 124, assuming that the average purchase price is the same at $3.20, then the total purchase value would increase to $397. Outside factors into advertising and shifting certain content to favor to female and other/non-disclosed genders would have to factor in to see if this is cost-efficient / profitable. 

2)	The majority of the players for Pymoli are from age groups 15-19 years old and 20-24 years old with total players of 107 and 258 for both age groups respectively. It should be noted that there is a considerable drop in player counts after 20-24 from 258 to 77 player count for age group 25 – 29. Reasons for the decrease, as this analyst assumes, are in relation to the players seeing their profession career’s take off and have less free time, along with maturing into more of a family role as well. 

3)	As with the drop of in player counts after age 20—24, it should be noted that the company records an average purchase price of $3.05 for the 20 – 24 age group, after which the average purchase price drops from $3.05 to $2.90 for age group 25-29. Analyst assumes the reason to be in correlation the previously mentioned factors to the decrease, with less free time, comes less urge to spend money on a game that is not played at a high frequency. New costs must be factored in, such as but not limited to: rent or mortgage expenses, auto expenses (loan or leases) , student bills, credit card bills, utilities, AC/HEAT. Analyst would advise company to market heavily based on selected age groups of less than 10 years of age (assuming parents or legal guardians pay) with an average purchase price of $3.35, age group 15 – 19 with an average purchase price of $3.04, and 20 – 24 with an average purchase price of $3.05. of all mentioned age groups with average purchase price, age group 20 – 24 has the highest purchase value, with $1,114. This can be attributed to disposable income from adults in the their early 20’s with no real costs to be factored in and will be either working part time or being to enter the labor force. Marketing should be focused on maximizing as much purchases as possible before the drop of in purchases and players happens as supported by the data attached to the analysis.  
